apps/my-work/src/assets/documentation/about.md, before:

# About this App

This application is a workspace for Mathematica designers and developers to use to quickly create
data visualizations that do not need to be embedded in a hosted application. The app was developed
with the production of static charts in mind, but we look forward to seeing the different ways it is
useful and growing the app to meet user needs.

The app is designed to make it easy for users to add data to the application and create Angular
components to make charts from that data. Users can aggregate their work over time, and without
writing code, add their charts to a directory structure in the side bar of the app, building up a
collection of their work that they can return to over time.

## Quick Start Guide

The following is a minimal set of steps to take to start creating data visualizations with this
application.

### Getting set up

1. The application requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) v20. If you don't already have Node
   installed, install it via the Mathematica Software Center.

2. Clone the [Frontend Shared Packages](https://github.com/mathematica-org/frontend-shared-packages)
   repo to your desktop.

3. Run `npm ci` from the command line to install required dependencies.

4. (Optional) From the VSCode extensions palette on the left side of the screen, install the Angular
   Schematics extension.

5. Create a new branch off of `main` for your work. You can use the following command:
   `git checkout -b my-branch-name`. You can always change your branch name, but it is recommended
   to chose a name that fits a branch that you will continue to come back to and work off of, and
   perhaps merge into -- for example, `git checkout -b chris-work`.

### Preparing to make your chart

1. Serve the app by running `npm run start:my-work` from the command line.

2. Navigate to the following directory in VSCode: `projects/my-work/src/assets/content`.

   ```
   ├── projects
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   ├── assets
   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   ├── data
   │   │   │   │   ├── example-data
   │   │   │   │   ├── content.yaml

   ```

   Add your data file to `content/data` within that directory. Data can be either a `.csv` or
   `.json` file. You could also choose to use any of the existing example data located in
   `content/example-data` as dummy data.

   ```
   ├── projects
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   ├── assets
   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   ├── data
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-data.csv
   │   │   │   │   ├── example-data
   │   │   │   │   ├── content.yaml

   ```

3. Open the `content.yaml` file in `projects/my-work/src/assets/content`, and add an entry for the
   component you want to create to hold your work. This will create an entry in the left sidebar
   that you can click to get to your work. The name should be lowercased and use hyphens to separate
   words/be kebab-cased and will also be the name of the Angular component you create.

   If you want the name of your component to appear inside a collapsible directory in the sidebar,
   you can add that additional structure in the `content.yaml`.

   <p class="code-caption"><code>content.yaml</code> originally</p>

   ```yaml
   ---
   title: 'My Work'
   items:
     examples:
       - energy-intensity
   ```

   <p class="code-caption"><code>content.yaml</code> after adding an entry for your component that will hold your visualization work</p>
   <p class="code-caption">(note: no need to add a value after the colon, just leave it blank)</p>

   ```yaml
   ---
   title: 'My Work'
   items:
     my-project:
     examples:
       - energy-intensity
   ```

   <p class="code-caption"><code>content.yaml</code> after adding an entry that will be displayed inside a directory</p>

   ```yaml
   ---
   title: 'My Work'
   items:
     my-project:
       - nov-report-charts
     examples:
       - energy-intensity
   ```

4. Now navigate to the `projects/my-work/src/app/content` directory. Create a new Angular component
   there where you will make your charts. You must use the same name as you used to create the
   directory entry.

   ```
   ├── projects
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── src
   │   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── examples
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.html
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.scss
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.spec.ts
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.component.ts

   ```

   An easy way to make a new component in that directory, if you installed the Angular Schematics
   extension, is to right-click on the directory you'd like to place the component in, choose
   Angular Schematics: Generate a file, and use the menus from there.

   If you put your entry inside a collapsible directory in the `content.yaml` file, you will
   likewise need to put your component folder inside a folder with the collapsible name.

   ```
   ├── projects
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── src
   │   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── examples
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.html
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.scss
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.spec.ts
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.ts

   ```

You should now see the the name of your component in the left sidebar directory. If you click on the
entry name, you should your component appear in the main space of the app.

### Bringing data into your component

1. To access your data, create a property in your class that is the path to your data, after the
   `/assets` directory. For example, if your data were located in
   `projects/my-work/src/assets/content/data/` and was named `nov-report-data.csv` your code would
   look like this.

   ```ts
   export class NovReportChartsComponent implements OnInit {
   dataPath = 'content/data/nov-report-data.csv';
   ```

2. Import the global `DataService` through your component's `constructor`:

   ```ts
   constructor(private dataService: DataService) {}
   ```

3. In a method that will get called in your component, call the `getDataFile` method on
   `DataService` with your data path as an argument. This will return your data as an
   `Observable<any>` and you can use it in your component.

   ```ts
   const data$ = this.dataService.getDataFile(this.dataPath);
   ```

### Exporting an image of your work

1. If you would like your chart to be exportable as an image file (jpeg, png, or svg), you will need
   to use the `ExportContentComponent` in your component's html.

   Add `ExportContentComponent` to the `imports` array of your component.

   ```ts
   @Component({
   selector: 'app-nov-report-charts',
   standalone: true,
   imports: [CommonModule, ExportContentComponent]
   ```

   In your `.html` file, enclose all content that you want to export as an image inside the opening
   and closing tags of the `ExportContentComponent`. You can provide a `fileName` to the component
   that will be the name of the exported file.

   ```html
   <app-export-content fileName="NovReportChart_20241104">
     <div class="my-chart-container">Some placeholder content</div>
   </app-export-content>
   ```

   Upon saving all of your files, you should be able to see your content inside a dashed rectangle
   on the screen with the file name and a download button above the top right corner of the
   container.

2. Press the download button to export your chart as an image.

Commit message:

manually change instaces of projects to apps or libs

apps/my-work/src/assets/documentation/about.md, after:

# About this App

This application is a workspace for Mathematica designers and developers to use to quickly create
data visualizations that do not need to be embedded in a hosted application. The app was developed
with the production of static charts in mind, but we look forward to seeing the different ways it is
useful and growing the app to meet user needs.

The app is designed to make it easy for users to add data to the application and create Angular
components to make charts from that data. Users can aggregate their work over time, and without
writing code, add their charts to a directory structure in the side bar of the app, building up a
collection of their work that they can return to over time.

## Quick Start Guide

The following is a minimal set of steps to take to start creating data visualizations with this
application.

### Getting set up

1. The application requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) v20. If you don't already have Node
   installed, install it via the Mathematica Software Center.

2. Clone the [Frontend Shared Packages](https://github.com/mathematica-org/frontend-shared-packages)
   repo to your desktop.

3. Run `npm ci` from the command line to install required dependencies.

4. (Optional) From the VSCode extensions palette on the left side of the screen, install the Angular
   Schematics extension.

5. Create a new branch off of `main` for your work. You can use the following command:
   `git checkout -b my-branch-name`. You can always change your branch name, but it is recommended
   to chose a name that fits a branch that you will continue to come back to and work off of, and
   perhaps merge into -- for example, `git checkout -b chris-work`.

### Preparing to make your chart

1. Serve the app by running `npm run start:my-work` from the command line.

2. Navigate to the following directory in VSCode: `apps/my-work/src/assets/content`.

   ```
   ├── apps
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   ├── assets
   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   ├── data
   │   │   │   │   ├── example-data
   │   │   │   │   ├── content.yaml

   ```

   Add your data file to `content/data` within that directory. Data can be either a `.csv` or
   `.json` file. You could also choose to use any of the existing example data located in
   `content/example-data` as dummy data.

   ```
   ├── apps
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   ├── assets
   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   ├── data
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-data.csv
   │   │   │   │   ├── example-data
   │   │   │   │   ├── content.yaml

   ```

3. Open the `content.yaml` file in `apps/my-work/src/assets/content`, and add an entry for the
   component you want to create to hold your work. This will create an entry in the left sidebar
   that you can click to get to your work. The name should be lowercased and use hyphens to separate
   words/be kebab-cased and will also be the name of the Angular component you create.

   If you want the name of your component to appear inside a collapsible directory in the sidebar,
   you can add that additional structure in the `content.yaml`.

   <p class="code-caption"><code>content.yaml</code> originally</p>

   ```yaml
   ---
   title: 'My Work'
   items:
     examples:
       - energy-intensity
   ```

   <p class="code-caption"><code>content.yaml</code> after adding an entry for your component that will hold your visualization work</p>
   <p class="code-caption">(note: no need to add a value after the colon, just leave it blank)</p>

   ```yaml
   ---
   title: 'My Work'
   items:
     my-project:
     examples:
       - energy-intensity
   ```

   <p class="code-caption"><code>content.yaml</code> after adding an entry that will be displayed inside a directory</p>

   ```yaml
   ---
   title: 'My Work'
   items:
     my-project:
       - nov-report-charts
     examples:
       - energy-intensity
   ```

4. Now navigate to the `apps/my-work/src/app/content` directory. Create a new Angular component
   there where you will make your charts. You must use the same name as you used to create the
   directory entry.

   ```
   ├── apps
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── src
   │   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── examples
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.html
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.scss
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.spec.ts
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project.component.ts

   ```

   An easy way to make a new component in that directory, if you installed the Angular Schematics
   extension, is to right-click on the directory you'd like to place the component in, choose
   Angular Schematics: Generate a file, and use the menus from there.

   If you put your entry inside a collapsible directory in the `content.yaml` file, you will
   likewise need to put your component folder inside a folder with the collapsible name.

   ```
   ├── apps
   │   ├── my-work
   │   │   ├── src
   │   │   │   ├── app
   │   │   │   │   ├── content
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── examples
   │   │   │   │   │   ├── my-project
   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.html
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.scss
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.spec.ts
   │   │   │   │   │   │   │   ├── nov-report-charts.component.ts

   ```

You should now see the the name of your component in the left sidebar directory. If you click on the
entry name, you should your component appear in the main space of the app.

### Bringing data into your component

1. To access your data, create a property in your class that is the path to your data, after the
   `/assets` directory. For example, if your data were located in
   `apps/my-work/src/assets/content/data/` and was named `nov-report-data.csv` your code would look
   like this.

   ```ts
   export class NovReportChartsComponent implements OnInit {
   dataPath = 'content/data/nov-report-data.csv';
   ```

2. Import the global `DataService` through your component's `constructor`:

   ```ts
   constructor(private dataService: DataService) {}
   ```

3. In a method that will get called in your component, call the `getDataFile` method on
   `DataService` with your data path as an argument. This will return your data as an
   `Observable<any>` and you can use it in your component.

   ```ts
   const data$ = this.dataService.getDataFile(this.dataPath);
   ```

### Exporting an image of your work

1. If you would like your chart to be exportable as an image file (jpeg, png, or svg), you will need
   to use the `ExportContentComponent` in your component's html.

   Add `ExportContentComponent` to the `imports` array of your component.

   ```ts
   @Component({
   selector: 'app-nov-report-charts',
   standalone: true,
   imports: [CommonModule, ExportContentComponent]
   ```

   In your `.html` file, enclose all content that you want to export as an image inside the opening
   and closing tags of the `ExportContentComponent`. You can provide a `fileName` to the component
   that will be the name of the exported file.

   ```html
   <app-export-content fileName="NovReportChart_20241104">
     <div class="my-chart-container">Some placeholder content</div>
   </app-export-content>
   ```

   Upon saving all of your files, you should be able to see your content inside a dashed rectangle
   on the screen with the file name and a download button above the top right corner of the
   container.

2. Press the download button to export your chart as an image.
