apps/demo-app/src/assets/viz-components/content/xy-axis-ticks.md, before:

# XY Axis Ticks

## Overview

Users can use the `ticks` method on an x- or y-axis builder to specify properties for the ticks of
that axis. Ticks are the small lines that are drawn along the axis, and the associated labels.

If the `ticks` method is never called, the default settings will be applied.

## Configuration

**Examples of configuration for `ticks`**

```ts
// example: to specify that the x-axis should have ~10 ticks, tick labels formatted as floating point numbers with one decimal place, and not show any tick marks.
this.xQuantitativeAxis.ticks((ticks) => ticks.format('.1f').marksDisplay(false).count(10)).getConfig();

// example: to specify the exact tick values to show on the y-axis.
this.yQuantitativeAxis.ticks((ticks) => ticks.values([0, 10, 20, 30]).getConfig();
```

### Required Methods

There are no required methods.

### Optional Methods

#### All axes

```builder-method
name: fontSize
description: Sets the font size of the tick labels.
params:
  - name: fontSize
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The font size of the tick labels, in px.
      - "If not called, the default font size is D3's default, which is 10px."
```

```builder-method
name: format
description: Specifies how tick labels will be formatted.
params:
  - name: format
    type: 'string | ((value: Tick) => string) | null'
    description:
      - 'Either a D3 format string, a function that takes a value and returns a string, or `null` to unset the format.'
      - "If not called, the default value for quantitative axes is ',.1f'. If not called for an ordinal axis, tick labels will be the unformatted ordinal value."
```

```builder-method
name: labelsDisplay
description: Determines whether tick labels will be displayed.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'boolean'
    description:
      - '`true` to retain all tick labels, `false` to remove all tick labels.'
      - 'If not called, the default value is `true`.'
```

```builder-method
name: labelsStroke
description: Sets the color of the stroke around the tick labels. this can be used to improve the legibility of tick labels, for example, when the tick labels are placed on a colored background.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'string | null'
    description:
      - The stroke of the tick labels.
      - "If not called, the default value is `none`."
```

```builder-method
name: labelsStrokeOpacity
description: Sets the opacity of the stroke applied around the tick labels.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The opacity of the stroke around the tick labels.
      - "If not called, the default value is 1."
```

```builder-method
name: labelsStrokeWidth
description: Sets the width of the stroke applied around the tick labels.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The width of the stroke around the tick labels.
      - "If not called, the default value is 3."
```

```builder-method
name: marksDisplay
description: Determines whether tick marks will be displayed.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'boolean'
    description:
      - '`true` to retain all tick marks, `false` to remove all tick marks.'
      - 'If not called, the default value is `true`.'
```

```builder-method
name: rotate
description: Determines the rotation of tick labels. Often used on vertical bar charts or when the tick labels are long.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The rotation of the tick labels in degrees, or `null` to unset the rotation.
      - Positive values rotate the labels counterclockwise, negative values rotate them clockwise.
      - If not called, the ticks will not be rotated.
```

```builder-method
name: size
description: 'Sets the size of the inner and outer tick marks.'
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The size of the ticks, in px.
      - 'If not called or called with `null`, the default size is the D3 default size.'
      - 'If specified, this value will override any values set by `sizeInner` or `sizeOuter`.'
```

```builder-method
name: sizeInner
description: Determines the length of the inner tick marks.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - 'The length of the inner tick marks in pixels, or `null` to unset the value.'
      - 'If not called or called with `null`, the default size is the D3 default size.'
```

```builder-method
name: sizeOuter
description: Determines the length of the square ends of the domain path drawn by D3.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The length of the square ends of the domain path in pixels, or `null` to unset the value.
      - 'If not called on ordinal axes, the default value is 0.'
      - "If not called on quantitative axes, no modification is made to D3's default value."
```

```builder-method
name: wrap
description: Specifies how tick labels will be wrapped.
params:
  - name: wrap
    type: '((wrap: TickWrapBuilder) => void) | null'
    description: A callback that specifies how tick labels will be wrapped, or `null` to unset the wrapping.
```

#### Quantitative axes

```builder-method
name: count
description: Approximately specifies the number of ticks for the axis.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | AxisTimeInterval | null'
    description:
      - "The number of ticks to pass to D3's axis.ticks(), or a time-based frequency of ticks for axes with `Date` values, or null to unset the number of ticks."
      - "Note that this number will be passed to D3's `ticks()` method and therefore it can be an approximate number of ticks."
      - "If this method is called, the passed in number of ticks will be validated against the data domain and the value formatter for the axis. If the number of ticks is not valid—for example, if the ticks are formatted with %Y and there are three years of values in the data, and this method is called with 10, a valid number will be used instead."
```

```builder-method
name: spacing
description: Specifies the approximate spacing between ticks, in pixels.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The spacing between ticks in pixels, or null to unset the spacing.
      - "If not called, the default value is 40. If `count` is set, this value will be ignored."
```

```builder-method
name: values
description: Determines the values that will show up as ticks on the axis.
params:
  - name: values
    type: 'Tick[] | null'
    description: "An array of quantitative values to pass to D3's axis.tickValues(), or null to unset the tick values."
```

Commit message:

fix: add documentation for ticks class

apps/demo-app/src/assets/viz-components/content/xy-axis-ticks.md, after:

# XY Axis Ticks

## Overview

Users can use the `ticks` method on an x- or y-axis builder to specify properties for the ticks of
that axis. Ticks are the small lines that are drawn along the axis, and the associated labels.

If the `ticks` method is never called, the default settings will be applied.

## Configuration

**Examples of configuration for `ticks`**

```ts
// example: to specify that the x-axis should have ~10 ticks, tick labels formatted as floating point numbers with one decimal place, and not show any tick marks.
this.xQuantitativeAxis.ticks((ticks) => ticks.format('.1f').marksDisplay(false).count(10)).getConfig();

// example: to specify the exact tick values to show on the y-axis.
this.yQuantitativeAxis.ticks((ticks) => ticks.values([0, 10, 20, 30]).getConfig();
```

### Required Methods

There are no required methods.

### Optional Methods

#### All axes

```builder-method
name: 'class'
description: 'Provides a class on the SVG `<g>` element that corresponds to a single tick.'
params:
  - name: value
    type: '((d: Tick) => string) | string | null'
    description:
      - 'If a function is provided, it will be called for each tick value and should return a string.'
      - 'If a string is provided, it will be used as the class for all ticks.'
      - "If the resultant string has spaces in the name, multiple classes will be applied. For example, if the class is 'North Carolina', the element will have the classes 'North' and 'Carolina'."
      - 'If not called or if called with `null`, no class will be applied and former classes made with this method will be removed.'
```

```builder-method
name: fontSize
description: Sets the font size of the tick labels.
params:
  - name: fontSize
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The font size of the tick labels, in px.
      - "If not called, the default font size is D3's default, which is 10px."
```

```builder-method
name: format
description: Specifies how tick labels will be formatted.
params:
  - name: format
    type: 'string | ((value: Tick) => string) | null'
    description:
      - 'Either a D3 format string, a function that takes a value and returns a string, or `null` to unset the format.'
      - "If not called, the default value for quantitative axes is ',.1f'. If not called for an ordinal axis, tick labels will be the unformatted ordinal value."
```

```builder-method
name: labelsDisplay
description: Determines whether tick labels will be displayed.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'boolean'
    description:
      - '`true` to retain all tick labels, `false` to remove all tick labels.'
      - 'If not called, the default value is `true`.'
```

```builder-method
name: labelsStroke
description: Sets the color of the stroke around the tick labels. this can be used to improve the legibility of tick labels, for example, when the tick labels are placed on a colored background.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'string | null'
    description:
      - The stroke of the tick labels.
      - "If not called, the default value is `none`."
```

```builder-method
name: labelsStrokeOpacity
description: Sets the opacity of the stroke applied around the tick labels.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The opacity of the stroke around the tick labels.
      - "If not called, the default value is 1."
```

```builder-method
name: labelsStrokeWidth
description: Sets the width of the stroke applied around the tick labels.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The width of the stroke around the tick labels.
      - "If not called, the default value is 3."
```

```builder-method
name: marksDisplay
description: Determines whether tick marks will be displayed.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'boolean'
    description:
      - '`true` to retain all tick marks, `false` to remove all tick marks.'
      - 'If not called, the default value is `true`.'
```

```builder-method
name: rotate
description: Determines the rotation of tick labels. Often used on vertical bar charts or when the tick labels are long.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The rotation of the tick labels in degrees, or `null` to unset the rotation.
      - Positive values rotate the labels counterclockwise, negative values rotate them clockwise.
      - If not called, the ticks will not be rotated.
```

```builder-method
name: size
description: 'Sets the size of the inner and outer tick marks.'
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The size of the ticks, in px.
      - 'If not called or called with `null`, the default size is the D3 default size.'
      - 'If specified, this value will override any values set by `sizeInner` or `sizeOuter`.'
```

```builder-method
name: sizeInner
description: Determines the length of the inner tick marks.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - 'The length of the inner tick marks in pixels, or `null` to unset the value.'
      - 'If not called or called with `null`, the default size is the D3 default size.'
```

```builder-method
name: sizeOuter
description: Determines the length of the square ends of the domain path drawn by D3.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The length of the square ends of the domain path in pixels, or `null` to unset the value.
      - 'If not called on ordinal axes, the default value is 0.'
      - "If not called on quantitative axes, no modification is made to D3's default value."
```

```builder-method
name: wrap
description: Specifies how tick labels will be wrapped.
params:
  - name: wrap
    type: '((wrap: TickWrapBuilder) => void) | null'
    description: A callback that specifies how tick labels will be wrapped, or `null` to unset the wrapping.
```

#### Quantitative axes

```builder-method
name: count
description: Approximately specifies the number of ticks for the axis.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | AxisTimeInterval | null'
    description:
      - "The number of ticks to pass to D3's axis.ticks(), or a time-based frequency of ticks for axes with `Date` values, or null to unset the number of ticks."
      - "Note that this number will be passed to D3's `ticks()` method and therefore it can be an approximate number of ticks."
      - "If this method is called, the passed in number of ticks will be validated against the data domain and the value formatter for the axis. If the number of ticks is not valid—for example, if the ticks are formatted with %Y and there are three years of values in the data, and this method is called with 10, a valid number will be used instead."
```

```builder-method
name: spacing
description: Specifies the approximate spacing between ticks, in pixels.
params:
  - name: value
    type: 'number | null'
    description:
      - The spacing between ticks in pixels, or null to unset the spacing.
      - "If not called, the default value is 40. If `count` is set, this value will be ignored."
```

```builder-method
name: values
description: Determines the values that will show up as ticks on the axis.
params:
  - name: values
    type: 'Tick[] | null'
    description: "An array of quantitative values to pass to D3's axis.tickValues(), or null to unset the tick values."
```
