apps/demo-app/src/assets/app-dev-kit/content/baseline-styles.md, before:

# Baseline Styles

This library exports a set of baseline styles intended to be use in applications. These styles are
intended to serve as a starting point for applications, providing a sensible set of defaults for
typography, color, and layout. They are designed to be easily overridden and customized to fit the
needs of your application.

## Consuming Baseline Styles in your app

### Modify your angular.json

Add the Baseline Styles to your angular.json's stylePreprocessorOptions.

```json
"stylePreprocessorOptions": {
  "includePaths": [
    "node_modules/@hsi/app-dev-kit/baseline-styles"
  ]
}
```

### Import Baseline Styles in your stylesheets

To use any of the Baseline Styles features, you need to import the Baseline Styles in your `.scss`
file(s). You can do so by using the following import statement:

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;
```

Note that you may namespace the import (here: `hsi-adk`) as you see fit.

## Features

The Baseline Styles library provides the following features:

### Theming variables

Baseline Styles provides a set of colors and typography properties as CSS variables that can be
added to your app. We recommend adding these in your global styles file, usually styles.scss. In
that file, you can use the `create-theme` mixin.

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

html {
  @include hsi-adk.create-theme();
  // Override theme variables here
}
```

This will create a number of CSS variables on the DOM element that you specify (here, `<html>`). If
you run your application, you can see the variables it creates in "Styles" panel in DevTools. You
can reference these CSS variables in your application's stylesheets.

Components in other `frontend-shared-packages` libraries, such as `ui-components`, will use these
CSS variables, if they are defined, to provide default styles. Therefore, it is recommended to
always create a theme in your application, and override the values of these variables as needed.

#### Color palettes

It provides two color palettes, `primary` and `muted-primary` that correspond to the
[Material 3 specifications for color palettes](https://m3.material.io/styles/color/system/how-the-system-works),
which uses values from 0 to 100, where the 0 value is always black and the 100 value is always
white. The `primary` palette is intended as an accent color, while the `muted-primary` palette is
intended for backgrounds and other muted elements.

The structure of a color palette is as follows (ex: `primary` palette):

```scss
--hsi-adk-color-primary-0: #000000;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-5: #000c38;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-10: #001550;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-15: #001e68;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-20: #002780;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-25: #003099;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-30: #003ab3;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-35: #0043ce;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-40: #1550e1;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-50: #3d6bfb;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-60: #6889ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-70: #90a7ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-80: #b6c4ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-90: #dce1ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-95: #eff0ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-98: #faf8ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-99: #fefbff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-100: #ffffff;
```

To generate palettes for your application, designers can use the
[Material Theme Builder plugin for Figma](https://m3.material.io/styles/color/resources#10e71f6f-7fce-4b02-a3f6-347af8643097).
We recommend using the Primary palette from the generator for the `primary` palette and either the
Neutral or Neutral Variant palettes for the `muted-primary` palette.

#### Typography

Baseline Styles provides CSS variables and value for Sans, Serif, and Mono fonts, as well as several
variables to describe font-weight and line-height. The default font for all three variants is
[Noto](https://fonts.google.com/noto).

The variables that `create-theme` creates when it is called are the following:

```scss
--hsi-adk-font-sans: Noto Sans, sans-serif;
--hsi-adk-font-serif: Noto Serif, serif;
--hsi-adk-font-mono: Noto Sans Mono, monospace;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-light: 100;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-regular: 400;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-medium: 500;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-semibold: 600;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-bold: 700;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-0: 1;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-1: 1.125;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-2: 1.25;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-3: 1.5;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-4: 1.75;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-5: 2;
```

For example, to specify different fonts, you could do the following:

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

html {
  @include hsi-adk.create-theme();
  --hsi-adk-font-sans: 'Fira Sans';
  --hsi-adk-font-serif: 'PT Serif';
  --hsi-adk-font-mono: 'Fira Mono';
}
```

(This above code assumes you have imported those fonts into your repo from a source like Google
fonts or have loaded them locally.)

### CSS Reset

CSS Reset is a mixin to apply a minimal and sensible CSS reset to your application. This can be
applied in your global stylesheet.

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

@include hsi-adk.css-reset();
```

#### Font and color

By default, the reset will set the `font-family` property on `<body>` to be
`var(--hsi-adk-font-sans)`. If `--hsi-adk-font-sans` is not defined, it will default to a sans-serif
fallback font.

By default, the `color` property on `<body>` will be set to `#000`.

You can change this by providing a font and color to the mixin, as shown below.

```scss
@include hsi-adk.css-reset('Georgia', #111);
```

### Typography styles

Baseline Styles provides a set of Sass mixins that correspond to
[Material 3 typography styles](https://m3.material.io/styles/typography/type-scale-tokens), with a
few additions to support denser displays of information.

These can be used in an application in the following way:

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

.my-element {
  @include hsi-adk.label-large;
}
```

The available mixins are the following, shown here in Noto Sans:

<div class="mixin-display">
<p class="display-large">display-large</p>
<p class="display-medium">display-medium</p>
<p class="display-small">display-small</p>
<p class="headline-large">headline-large</p>
<p class="headline-medium">headline-medium</p>
<p class="headline-small">headline-small</p>
<p class="title-large">title-large</p>
<p class="title-medium">title-medium</p>
<p class="title-small">title-small</p>
<p class="body-large">body-large</p>
<p class="body-medium">body-medium</p>
<p class="body-small">body-small</p>
<p class="body-xs">body-xs</p>
<p class="body-2xs">body-2xs</p>
<p class="label-large">label-large</p>
<p class="label-large-prominent">label-large-prominent</p>
<p class="label-large-caps">label-large-caps</p>
<p class="label-large-caps-prominent">label-large-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-medium">label-medium</p>
<p class="label-medium-prominent">label-medium-prominent</p>
<p class="label-medium-caps">label-medium-caps</p>
<p class="label-medium-caps-prominent">label-medium-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-small">label-small</p>
<p class="label-small-prominent">label-small-prominent</p>
<p class="label-small-caps">label-small-caps</p>
<p class="label-small-caps-prominent">label-small-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-xs">label-xs</p>
<p class="label-xs-prominent">label-xs-prominent</p>
<p class="label-xs-caps">label-xs-caps</p>
<p class="label-xs-caps-prominent">label-xs-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-2xs">label-2xs</p>
<p class="label-2xs-prominent">label-2xs-prominent</p>
<p class="label-2xs-caps">label-2xs-caps</p>
<p class="label-2xs-caps-prominent">label-2xs-caps-prominent</p>
</div>

### Grid

Baseline Styles provides a Sass `grid` function that can be used to generate spacing in 0.25rem
increments.

The `grid` function takes a single argument, which is the number of 0.25rem increments to generate.

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

.my-element {
  margin: hsi-adk.grid(2);
}
```

Commit message:

docs: add documentation on overriding theme values

apps/demo-app/src/assets/app-dev-kit/content/baseline-styles.md, after:

# Baseline Styles

This library exports a set of baseline styles intended to be use in applications. These styles are
intended to serve as a starting point for applications, providing a sensible set of defaults for
typography, color, and layout. They are designed to be easily overridden and customized to fit the
needs of your application.

## Consuming Baseline Styles in your app

### Modify your angular.json

Add the Baseline Styles to your angular.json's stylePreprocessorOptions.

```json
"stylePreprocessorOptions": {
  "includePaths": [
    "node_modules/@hsi/app-dev-kit/baseline-styles"
  ]
}
```

### Import Baseline Styles in your stylesheets

To use any of the Baseline Styles features, you need to import the Baseline Styles in your `.scss`
file(s). You can do so by using the following import statement:

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;
```

Note that you may namespace the import (here: `hsi-adk`) as you see fit.

## Features

The Baseline Styles library provides the following features:

### Theming variables

Baseline Styles provides a set of colors and typography properties as CSS variables that can be
added to your app. We recommend adding these in your global styles file, usually styles.scss. In
that file, you can use the `create-theme` mixin.

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

html {
  @include hsi-adk.create-theme();
  // Override theme variables here
}
```

This will create a number of CSS variables on the DOM element that you specify (here, `<html>`). If
you run your application, you can see the variables it creates in "Styles" panel in DevTools. You
can reference these CSS variables in your application's stylesheets.

Components in other `frontend-shared-packages` libraries, such as `ui-components`, will use these
CSS variables, if they are defined, to provide default styles. Therefore, it is recommended to
always create a theme in your application, and override the values of these variables as needed.

#### Color palettes

It provides two color palettes, `primary` and `muted-primary` that correspond to the
[Material 3 specifications for color palettes](https://m3.material.io/styles/color/system/how-the-system-works),
which uses values from 0 to 100, where the 0 value is always black and the 100 value is always
white. The `primary` palette is intended as an accent color, while the `muted-primary` palette is
intended for backgrounds and other muted elements.

The structure of a color palette is as follows (ex: `primary` palette):

```scss
--hsi-adk-color-primary-0: #000000;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-5: #000c38;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-10: #001550;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-15: #001e68;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-20: #002780;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-25: #003099;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-30: #003ab3;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-35: #0043ce;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-40: #1550e1;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-50: #3d6bfb;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-60: #6889ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-70: #90a7ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-80: #b6c4ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-90: #dce1ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-95: #eff0ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-98: #faf8ff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-99: #fefbff;
--hsi-adk-color-primary-100: #ffffff;
```

To generate palettes for your application, designers can use the
[Material Theme Builder plugin for Figma](https://m3.material.io/styles/color/resources#10e71f6f-7fce-4b02-a3f6-347af8643097).
We recommend using the Primary palette from the generator for the `primary` palette and either the
Neutral or Neutral Variant palettes for the `muted-primary` palette.

#### Typography

Baseline Styles provides CSS variables and value for Sans, Serif, and Mono fonts, as well as several
variables to describe font-weight and line-height. The default font for all three variants is
[Noto](https://fonts.google.com/noto).

The variables that `create-theme` creates when it is called are the following:

```scss
--hsi-adk-font-sans: Noto Sans, sans-serif;
--hsi-adk-font-serif: Noto Serif, serif;
--hsi-adk-font-mono: Noto Sans Mono, monospace;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-light: 100;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-regular: 400;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-medium: 500;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-semibold: 600;
--hsi-adk-font-weight-bold: 700;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-0: 1;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-1: 1.125;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-2: 1.25;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-3: 1.5;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-4: 1.75;
--hsi-adk-font-line-height-5: 2;
```

#### Overriding theme variables

You can override the theme variables by specifying new values for them anywhere in your
application's stylesheets.

For example, to specify different fonts for the entire application, you could do the following:

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

html {
  @include hsi-adk.create-theme();
  --hsi-adk-font-sans: 'Fira Sans';
  --hsi-adk-font-serif: 'PT Serif';
  --hsi-adk-font-mono: 'Fira Mono';
}
```

(This above code assumes you have imported those fonts into your repo from a source like Google
fonts or have loaded them locally.)

### CSS Reset

CSS Reset is a mixin to apply a minimal and sensible CSS reset to your application. This can be
applied in your global stylesheet.

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

@include hsi-adk.css-reset();
```

#### Font and color

By default, the reset will set the `font-family` property on `<body>` to be
`var(--hsi-adk-font-sans)`. If `--hsi-adk-font-sans` is not defined, it will default to a sans-serif
fallback font.

By default, the `color` property on `<body>` will be set to `#000`.

You can change this by providing a font and color to the mixin, as shown below.

```scss
@include hsi-adk.css-reset('Georgia', #111);
```

### Typography styles

Baseline Styles provides a set of Sass mixins that correspond to
[Material 3 typography styles](https://m3.material.io/styles/typography/type-scale-tokens), with a
few additions to support denser displays of information.

These can be used in an application in the following way:

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

.my-element {
  @include hsi-adk.label-large;
}
```

The available mixins are the following, shown here in Noto Sans:

<div class="mixin-display">
<p class="display-large">display-large</p>
<p class="display-medium">display-medium</p>
<p class="display-small">display-small</p>
<p class="headline-large">headline-large</p>
<p class="headline-medium">headline-medium</p>
<p class="headline-small">headline-small</p>
<p class="title-large">title-large</p>
<p class="title-medium">title-medium</p>
<p class="title-small">title-small</p>
<p class="body-large">body-large</p>
<p class="body-medium">body-medium</p>
<p class="body-small">body-small</p>
<p class="body-xs">body-xs</p>
<p class="body-2xs">body-2xs</p>
<p class="label-large">label-large</p>
<p class="label-large-prominent">label-large-prominent</p>
<p class="label-large-caps">label-large-caps</p>
<p class="label-large-caps-prominent">label-large-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-medium">label-medium</p>
<p class="label-medium-prominent">label-medium-prominent</p>
<p class="label-medium-caps">label-medium-caps</p>
<p class="label-medium-caps-prominent">label-medium-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-small">label-small</p>
<p class="label-small-prominent">label-small-prominent</p>
<p class="label-small-caps">label-small-caps</p>
<p class="label-small-caps-prominent">label-small-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-xs">label-xs</p>
<p class="label-xs-prominent">label-xs-prominent</p>
<p class="label-xs-caps">label-xs-caps</p>
<p class="label-xs-caps-prominent">label-xs-caps-prominent</p>
<p class="label-2xs">label-2xs</p>
<p class="label-2xs-prominent">label-2xs-prominent</p>
<p class="label-2xs-caps">label-2xs-caps</p>
<p class="label-2xs-caps-prominent">label-2xs-caps-prominent</p>
</div>

### Grid

Baseline Styles provides a Sass `grid` function that can be used to generate spacing in 0.25rem
increments.

The `grid` function takes a single argument, which is the number of 0.25rem increments to generate.

```scss
@use '@hsi/app-dev-kit' as hsi-adk;

.my-element {
  margin: hsi-adk.grid(2);
}
```
